Stop lying!
Stop!
Brother Spoon, this is gonna be one of the best shows I've ever done.
So good you clicked on the notification.
Thanks for joining me.
My master asks for you to draw a map of the world.
Oh.
Thank you.
This is the limit of what I know.
The Earth is round.
Like a fruit.
Japan is here.
My country, England, is on the other side of the world.
We came by way of Magellan's past.
We are the first outsiders to use it because the Spanish and the Portuguese kept it secret.
And for us, it was safer to sail this way.
Because we had to avoid the Portuguese base in Macau.
It employs Japanese mercenaries.
I'm told you call them Ronin.
A secret Catholic fortress, used for gun-running.
Employed during an uprising some years ago.
Ronin is employed in the secret hideout where the guns are used.
That gun was used illegally.
Is it an illegal act against the Emperor?
I'm not sure.
I'll send Anjin a detailed map later.
My master asks that later, you write this map and mark the Portuguese bases.
If I may, I will explain now.
This is the way Portugal and Spain carved up the new world.
Seventy years ago, they signed a treaty that split undiscovered land between them.
Your country falls into the Portuguese half.
So it belongs to them.
I'm sorry, sir, but...
I assure you, their arrogance is unbelievable.
Please tell him.
It's written into legal documents.
Each Spanish and Portuguese king has the right to lay claim to any non-Catholic land they discover and to replace its government with Catholic rule.
This is a lie.
No.
Do you swear by your God?
Yes, I do.
Oh The next thing that I want to say is our lack of biological knowledge in the general poor health of the of America of the American people Is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us to ruin Maybe America, I don't know
crash the dollar, I don't know, steal the rest of our what limited treasury value we have left, I don't know.
But I know for sure that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to healthcare to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
Bye.
A world become one of silence and sun, only a fool would say that.
A boy with a plan, a natural man, wearing a white Stetson hat.
And had that God be gone, there's no one too far upon, if he's holding his
Man in the street, dragging his feet, don't want to hear the bad news.
Imagine your face, there in his place, standing inside his brown shoes.
You do his nine to five, drag yourself home
Talking about a world where all is free.
It just couldn't be, and only a fool would say that.
Anybody on the street has mercy.
It's a bit silly to think about all this.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Good morning, everybody.
It is 10.30 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I'm happy to be here again with you on a Saturday morning.
We've got a lot of work to do, as I've been trying to express on the few shows that I have done this week.
Your consciousness is the prime real estate they are definitely playing for.
This month is going to be really important.
And this weekend, there's some really interesting shenanigans going on.
It's a gathering of charlatans, if you will.
and I think it's important to preempt it and that's what this show is trying to do today.
I do have the microphone turned up just a little bit higher so I can use less voice.
I hope that works.
We need to take the power back from these charlatans.
We actually inherited this situation so we can't.
Our parents, you know, they didn't know any better either.
That's the reason why
We got here.
Ladies and gentlemen, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic.
Viruses are not pattern integrities.
We have to make sure that we dispel this mystery virus idea before our children are away.
We really got to make sure that we understand that it was murder and lies and there's no epidemiological evidence of spread and we still don't really have a lawyer who wants to teach us anything useful.
I really am excited about our show today because we are going to edify these ideas and we're going to do it really, really, really well.
This illusion of consensus
this new kind of totalitarianism curated by these acolytes.
We're gonna break that today, or at least we're gonna take another good shot at it because these weaponized piles of money have definitely convinced us.
They have gotten us to argue with them and they are governing us this way.
That's what social media is doing for them.
If you wanna know who you're talking to, I'm a recovering academic.
I used to be a molecular and cellular neurophysiologist.
You can see my publication record on PubMed, and yeah, the name of this broadcast comes from the methodology I used to use.
There's a long list of reasons why you should be listening to me about these people, and I'm not gonna spend a lot of time trying to convince you of that, but this is a list that you can pause and you can check and you can read.
and question why it is that none of these other people can claim a list like this.
That's really the problem.
That's really what my problem is.
If you want to help out, if you want to find out where you've been or what you stumbled upon here, go to stream.gigaohm.bio, that big address there.
You can find our PeerTube channel there where the rebroadcast will be.
You can find Eclipse channel that is curated by Jeff from Earth.
You can find my calendar and you can download it.
It's a calendar that I'm going to start following if at all possible.
You can find the links to the
The coursework that we're doing here in Biology 101 just started a couple weeks ago, and the introductory lectures are over with, and we're about to dig in deep to the following books there, which are free to download, including Probability Theory by James.
And so if you're following those two things on Tuesday and Thursday, I'm really excited, because it's going to go real quick now.
And there's also an archive, of course, of significant videos that I've found interesting.
And of course, Mark Kulak, Housatonic Live also has a channel.
at stream.gigaohm.bio, and so you can find another mirror of his latest work there.
And so I've been working very hard on this.
Ted works hard on it.
And it's just a good way to archive my work with no algorithms, no other nonsense in your way.
And that's what stream.gigaohm.bio is.
If you want to support gigaohmbiological.com, welcome, welcome, welcome, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
I'm gonna fade this music out here and see if we can't make some useful progress into understanding.
So let me just... I think we're getting a transmission.
Just let me switch over here, say good morning.
Make sure this is in focus.
It looks not so great.
There we go, that's a little better I think.
A little soft still.
It's hard for me to focus that camera from behind the desk.
I don't know how this is gonna work out here underneath with all the names and stuff like that.
I'm trying to find ways to thank the people who are subscribing, who are donating.
If you don't see your name there, it might be because you missed it or because it's not there.
I'm still curating that list and figuring out who I need to put on there.
I also recently announced that the website where you can put your email in in any number of boxes actually has been collecting all of those emails and putting them in a place that I didn't know or didn't realize existed until a couple days ago.
That means starting next week, if the pattern holds, I should be able to send you an email whenever I'm planning to go on a few hours beforehand.
Maybe even with a link to the downloads that I'd like you to see before the lecture.
And so it's going to be a really exciting upgrade.
I've never really had a uniform way of doing that.
And I never really wanted to limit it to subscribers only.
And so it has
I think it's going to add something very interesting.
I actually missed the captain coming in there on the screen.
I'm going to play a video up in that corner.
If you can see my mouse here, I'm going to play a video up there in the corner.
It's so small because I don't want to give the person any more screen time or advertisement than they already got from Senator Ron Johnson.
If you're unaware about where we are, this is going to be a very long show.
There's no really way to avoid it.
My voice has been recovering over the last week.
My voice may crash out again in this stream.
But for now it feels like it's going to be okay and so I'm going to take a shot at the fence.
Every once in a while I try to hit a home run stream and I think this one could be it or one of them.
It's just one of those, you know, I try to throw a ladder as deep as I can into the cave every once in a while in hopes that there's still some people down there.
Really, really, really several layers below, several floors below.
that are still looking for a way out, and if they saw a ladder, they might climb it.
And so that's what this stream is all about.
And in order to start throwing that ladder down, I thought I'd throw a ladder down to the people who were, in one way or another, taken or bamboozled by the recent Senate hearing that was put on by Senator Ron Johnson about food and nutrition, and where all these new
people were introduced to us.
And one of the more curious new people that was introduced to us as Americans in our American Senate by an American senator from Wisconsin is some chick from another country named Michaela.
And I'm just gonna play this video for a little while
The thing that I'd like you to pay attention to in the beginning of the video is the absolutely spectacular endorsement that Michaela is able to garner from a U.S.
Senator in the U.S.
Senate.
in a videotaped U.S.
Senate like distributed video of her and is able to promote herself speaking in the U.S.
Senate and being endorsed and and introduced by a U.S.
Senator so that her social media standing and and and perceived importance
It's what I am about to play for you as an American, you should be really upset with Senator Ron Johnson.
The idea that Senator Ron Johnson has regularly put foreigners in front of an American, a part of the American government, even if it's just a side room that nobody's really paying attention to,
The idea that there aren't Americans that deserve a microphone, that there aren't Americans that can represent these ideas and speak in the buildings of the American government is just absurd.
The idea that we need a, I don't even know what I would characterize her as, but she's not someone who lives in a reality that the rest of us do in small town America or whatever.
Um, I I'm just, I'm having a hard time introducing the whole idea because it is that absurd.
Sorry, captain.
You're not, you're not going to want to watch this.
This is really, this is really bad.
Most people don't know that what they're consuming is making them sick.
They know junk food is bad, but they don't realize it's causing chronic disease and neither do their healthcare providers.
Our next presenter is Michaela Peterson Fuller.
Ms.
Fuller is a podcaster, lifestyle and diet blogger, the co-founder and CEO of Peterson Academy, and the founder of Fuller Health and the Lion Diet.
The Lion Diet is a therapeutic and plant-free ketogenic diet that can be used to treat autoimmunity and psychiatric disorders.
On the Michaela Peterson podcast, she discusses health, cultural phenomena, politics, and other topics.
Ms.
Fuller.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to skip my intro.
When I was two, I started to limp, and at seven I was diagnosed with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis.
So at two she started to limp, and at seven she was diagnosed with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, which is an autoimmune disease.
And nowhere in this diatribe is she going to suggest that it might have been a childhood vaccine that did it to her.
But she is going to claim that her unique lion diet, which is just basically a carnivore diet, has cured her of all of her problems that she's going to list for the next 10 minutes.
Because it's so hard to be this Canadian girl.
with a father in the intellectual dark web, with a father who's been on every media platform in the world, with a father who's selling books.
It's really hard to be her.
It's so hard to be her that Senator Ron Johnson thought it was appropriate to bring her into the U.S.
Senate and let her represent, I guess, represent Americans.
I don't know.
for her to sit in the same square of tables as Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
To get the same seven or eight minutes with which to speak to the American people, to the American government, and into the government's record.
Do you understand how ridiculous that is?
I don't know who it is that did it, Senator Ron Johnson maybe.
I don't know who did it, but it doesn't make any sense to me why any of these foreigners need to be there.
And certainly not that child.
certainly not Jordan Peterson, who after in the middle of 2020 admitted that he had no special insights into the pandemic because he's just a psychologist who's as lost as the rest of us in psychological disarray.
And yet Senator Ron Johnson thought it would be appropriate for that guy with no principles, that foreigner with no principles, who told us to wear the masks and take the shot and get it over with, his appropriate to have there with his daughter,
And it's appropriate for a senator in the United States Senate from Wisconsin to endorse her social media websites, to actually say them out loud and to endorse her diet as curing things?
Stop lying!
You see where I'm going with this?
This is a real big problem.
Because all of these people are involved in the rescue, the republic, join the resistance, unity party bullshit.
And I will use the word bullshit throughout this stream.
I'm very sorry.
No other swear words will be used.
Captain, it's okay.
I won't turn on that video anymore.
Don't worry.
We have a very big problem on our hands.
I hope Bobby said something more useful.
I hope Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
I shouldn't call him Bobby.
I don't know him that well.
I hope Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
said something more useful in that meeting than Michaela Peterson Fuller or Jordan Peterson.
First of all, I want to thank you again, Senator Johnson, and Senator, thank you for coming, and all the other political leaders I've seen come in and out.
I'm very grateful to them for finally paying attention to this issue.
I spent kind of 40 years in this space.
I'm going to escape for a second and just start the slide deck over, just in case it's having a little trouble with memory here.
I've got Michaela's video playing up in the background over here.
I don't even know if it really adds anything, but I just thought I'd have that there, so it makes it a little harder.
First of all, I want to thank you again, Senator Johnson.
Senator, thank you for coming.
and all the other political leaders I've seen come in and out.
I'm very grateful to them for finally paying attention to this issue.
I spent kind of 40 years in this space, and for most of that time, the Democratic Party was the party that was fighting this issue.
And today, it's been a complete inversion, and it's now the Republican Party generally.
But I would say the appeal that I would make to Americans is that there is no such thing as Republican children or Democratic children.
Over the 20,000 generations of human beings that have lived on this planet before us, the primary biological drive and spiritual drive has been to make sure that their kids were safe.
And it's extraordinary today that these profit-making corporations have used their capacity to control our government and to control the media
to turn us all against that most fundamental biological drive.
We are destroying our kids, and we're doing it because we're being manipulated to do it through all of the institutions of government.
And as an environmental activist attorney, it was obvious to me... Go do that somewhere else.
And whenever you see the commoditization of the environment of human beings,
There is always a subversion of democracy that is coterminous.
And that's what we've seen.
We've seen all of these institutions, the media, the health agencies, the agricultural agencies, the American press, the medical system, twisted to turn against their fundamental mission.
and our country is supposed to be the exemplary nation in the world.
In 1776, between then and 1792, we became the first democracy in modern history.
By 1860, there were
five democracies that were all based on the American model.
By the time my uncle was president, 130.
By the end of the 1960s, 190.
And all of them were looking to us as a model.
And we have now become the worst country in the world on the key metric by which every success in a nation can be measured.
which is are we giving our children a chance to live better lives than we do.
And is you know our country to me is still the greatest country in the world.
And we have an extraordinary resilience.
We have the worst agricultural practices in the world.
We have the best regenerative farmers the best organic farmers the best
dry land agriculture, no-till agriculture.
We're at the cutting edge of all of those things.
So we have that entrepreneurial spirit that is still alive in our country.
We have the worst healthcare system and the worst health outcomes in the world.
We have the best functional medicine doctors, the best integrative medicine doctors.
All the cutting edge work on those issues is being done in this country.
We have some of the worst business practices in a declining economy.
We have the best entrepreneurs in this country, of any country in the world.
So we have this inherent resilience in our country.
And if we can, as somebody mentioned, I said, we need to stop hating each other.
And that's only going to happen when we start loving our children.
more than we hate each other.
And when that happens we're going to be able to recover and very very quickly.
And so I'm optimistic about it despite this dark cloud that has been portrayed here tonight.
You know we could over the next two decades encounter terrible crises in this country.
We could
We could experience economic collapses from many factors.
We could have other pandemics, other wars, and it could really devastate our country.
As long as we have that resilience, we're always gonna bounce back as Americans.
We're not gonna do that if our kids all have chronic disease.
It's too much of an anchor on progress.
If you have a child that's dependent on pharmaceutical medications for the rest of their lives, that is weakened, demoralized, dispirited, disheartened by these illnesses, it's going to inhibit our capacity to function in any meaningful way in the world.
If a foreign nation did this to our country, we would consider an act of war.
It is un-American.
These companies have been allowed, through the profit motive, to destroy everything that we value in America.
And this is not just economic warfare.
It's not just chemical warfare.
We're all involved in spiritual warfare.
And we have to understand that the core of people who are here today, the leaders who have convened this, the leaders from all of these different groups, all of them, the medical profession, healthy foods.
You mean like Michaela Peterson?
You mean like Jordan Peterson?
A reason for hope.
And they're leading a battle.
do for the heart and the soul of our country.
Come on, Robert.
And that's something we all need to understand.
The American Revolution started with a very, very small core of activists who were able to articulate these new set of values
And they did something that nobody in the world could believe.
A ragtag group of people brought to its knees the greatest empire in the history of mankind.
We can take our country back from these industries and we can restore not only our democracy and the integrity of it, most important of all, we can begin restoring our children's health.
So that's pretty extraordinary.
The reason why I leave us on the spaceship is because you got to really feel that we're somewhere very, very strange right now.
You should almost feel like every time you go on social media, you're like Captain Kirk.
You walk into the room and you're kind of like, what in the hell's going on in here?
And you just kind of back out.
The door opens of social media.
You walk in, you look around, you go, how did it get this far?
And I was just here.
I mean, two weeks ago, we would have never guessed that there would be another Senate hearing, this time about food and the environment and toxins, that would barely mention the vaccine schedule and have a whole bunch of new people that just recently decided to go into book writing or into podcasting.
Even Jordan Peterson and his daughter, who aren't even Americans, were invited and given time, equivalent to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
a guy whose uncle was president and dad, they were both killed.
He got seven minutes and so did Michaela.
So I gotta really tell you, I think, uh,
I think it's important that we talk frankly about what's going on here.
And I think we need to talk about it very, very clearly.
I guess I don't need to be that small yet.
These people are playing us.
And unfortunately, it is my belief that they have been set up and have been playing us for a very, very much longer time than the last few years.
That a lot of these people were put in place
maybe even five or eight years before the pandemic, because again, the people that run this show knew that this increase in all cause mortality was coming because of all the kids that were born after World War II.
They knew there was gonna be a decade long increase in all cause mortality that would eventually go away.
And so what better, natural,
way to use such an increase in all-cause mortality than to tell a story that would benefit public health and the national security state, the global security state, the global public health security state that wants to get above these pesky nation states
and take away the strongest power in the world, which is nationalism.
People love to fight and believe in flags and fight for the dirt that they like to fight for the dirt.
And so that's a real big problem from the perspective of the globalists, the perspective of the people who are running the show, the people whose mentors have read these books and understand them.
They are interested in taking control of our evolution as a species, and they have identified that our species, like fish, swim in groups in the water.
Humans swim in groups of thought.
And so if we're going to take control of our evolution as a species, we need to take control of our collective way of thinking.
We need to come together under a new, more unified idea of how to think about ourselves as a species and how we as individually fit into that model.
And what these guys think is that there should be some really smart people who actually run that thing.
And the rest of the other people, they're not smart enough to even know.
And they need to be governed.
And since time immortal, we have been governed.
And in the last few decades, the idea of how we're going to govern the globe has become sort of the focus of things.
That's where all these people are coming from.
That's what all these people are thinking about.
That's why those are the books that we're starting with in Biology 101.
Because we need to start to understand how
The sacred irreducible complexity of biology has been really just, it's been twisted, it's been simplified, and our fidelity of understanding it has been exaggerated.
so that we're at the precipice.
We're really at the precipice of having people like that group of people in the Senate tell us about how great creation is and how much we should worship creation.
And don't you ever hear that in me.
Because yes, I am a biologist.
And yes, I claim since I was a kid to be able to look outside and go, wow, it's just all one thing, one system, one creation.
There's no other way to see it other than evidence of a creator and have it inspire a level of humility that fundamentally dictates the way you go about your life and whether you're a servant to those around you or not.
If you can see creation for the beauty that it is, for the irreducible complexity that it is, for the sacred in front of your eyes that it is, then being a servant to everyone around you comes naturally.
Worshiping your creator comes naturally.
Seeking your creator comes naturally.
And the people who say that the COVID shots are bad, but don't talk about 2020,
pretending to kind of have similar ideas but they will tell you to worship creation that the Sun is awesome and that mother nature is awesome or scary and that mankind has a responsibility to take control of whatever levers are available because you know it's ours it's us
And so there's a very easy way to see that they knew that this was coming.
You can research this and you can find out across the Western world, there was actually a potential for some very serious problems because again, weaponized piles of money knew that a decade long increase in all cause mortality was coming and they've known it for several decades.
because they've also been involved in decreasing family size since the 80s or since the 70s.
By decreasing family size, they have created this phenomenon by themselves.
After World War II, big families.
After about 10 years of big families, the governments around the Western world decided, whoa, this isn't good.
We better decrease the size of families.
Not much that dissimilar happened in China, where before the one-child policy, what did they have?
They had big families.
And so they have a very similar inverted
population pyramid with a five to 10 year long spike in deaths and in old people and in end of life care.
And so what better way and what easier way to coordinate this?
They all agree that they all had this problem.
The Chinese have the same problem we did.
That's why they have a one-child policy.
Wake up and apologize to your kids.
We should have been talking about this since 2020.
This is the fact that they have inverted to call COVID-19 and a pandemic.
and they inverted it by murdering people.
They inverted it by scaring people, confusing people, and putting financial incentives in, or group pressure incentives in, or social pressures into the social media that we have acquiesced to using.
and coerced hundreds of thousands of people into taking a transfection, coerced thousands of people into hospitals thinking that they had a novel virus, coerced thousands of doctors into treating people thinking they had a novel virus.
And so there's potential for a lot of people to wake up and apologize, wake up and realize, oh my gosh, I really made a mistake.
Because had I known that all the people that govern me
knew that there was gonna be a sustained 10-year increase in all-cause mortality and just were gonna sweep a few together using ventilators and supplementary oxygen and lack of a feeding tube or too high a pressure in a ventilator to sweep a few together to create some peaks.
And then say on the PBS NewsHour using a very disingenuous graph down here,
to illustrate that there was something novel happening when it wasn't.
It was just an expected increase in all-cause mortality and vulnerable old people and a little military action to sweep them together.
a little sustained misinformation on social media to sweep them together.
And at the same time, of course, they were able to convince us that there is a lab leak and they might be covering it up.
Tony Fauci might've even funded it.
And for four years, we argued about whether they were covering this up.
People are still arguing about it on the town square on X about whether or not emails are still revealing
And this is the Scooby-Doo mystery that I've talked about for a couple years now, that everybody wants to forget is such an apt analogy because that's exactly how we are being governed.
And it is specifically our ubiquitous use of social media that has made us so vulnerable to being governed by liars and by lies that they tell together in groups.
There's nothing more effective than four people sitting around a table agreeing or arguing and then agreeing.
to convince the people that are passively listening that something has been solved, that they learned something, that a question has been answered.
And these are the tools of fifth generation warfare that Robert Malone purports to be saving us from, but is actually a very integral part of.
2020 is the code for healthy vision.
It is also the year we were given the eyes to see.
Today, the curtain has been pulled back to reveal the liars at the levers.
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
They are masters of deception, hell-bent to divide and conquer.
Some radicals on the far right.
It's not just the far-left wackos.
Like magicians, they use the art of redirection to keep us distracted as they trick us.
Nearly every war we have fought was initiated by their propaganda.
Iraq's weapons of mass destruction are controlled by a murderous tyrant.
As their empire of lies is collapsing, they are becoming increasingly desperate and dangerous.
Now what we're supposed to believe is that this guy's really interesting voice where he says that he's trying to save everybody by whispering very quietly into the mic is somebody who's getting away with something that the global governance system in the United States government doesn't want him to get away with.
Just like Whitney Webb is releasing all kinds of information that the United States government doesn't want her to release, but because she lives in Chile, she's able to do it.
She's able to get on every podcast at any podcast she wants to.
She repeats everything as if she's memorized it all, but she omits a lot of things.
She never says the Vatican.
She never says DITRA.
She doesn't really work very hard beyond Epstein, Maxwell, Epstein, Maxwell, Maxwell, Epstein.
And Mickey Willis made music videos with Robert Malone and Judy Mikovits in the same video in 2021.
He made music videos with all of these intellectual dark web associates that have been in all of the international news media, including Australian news, Great Britain news, UK news, European news.
Those people haven't been so prominent except for maybe on Tim Poole's podcast every once in a while, but they're doing, you know, tie wearing appearances on Australian news representing America.
Just like Robert Malone and Pierre Kory and Meryl Nass have been all around the world for four years representing America.
They're all with Mickey Willis and these people who are running the Rescue the Republic.
That's what this video is, a Rescue the Republic trailer.
With the real video, you know, like there's trying to save us.
The three nations are seeking to strengthen ties.
The alliance has been formed to chill us all to the bone.
Their reckless war games have united a deadly alliance.
Everything we have fought for, everything we've earned, and everything we love is under attack.
Terror suspects at the southern borders... At what point do we say enough is enough?
Now is the time for the American people to wake up and rise up.
A rebel alliance is forming in the name of liberty and life.
People of every color, culture, creed, and ideology are putting politics aside to secure the eight pillars of peace and freedom.
So Russell Brand is a foreigner, Jordan Peterson a foreigner, Charlie Kirk has been around the world, Zuby is a foreigner around the world, Tulsi Gabbard is WEF, Brett Weinstein is
well, from my personal experience, is one of the worst traitors and liars of all.
Laura Logan is part of the show that Senator Ron Johnson has been putting on for four years now.
He put on the first Senate hearing where Pierre Corey got to go in front of the Senate and tell him how bad New York was.
Robert Malone, of course, is the team leader of these people who seeded the mystery of the
the gain-of-function lab leak, the Scooby-Doo, and also seeded all the narratives of repurposed drugs and whatnot that allowed us not to usefully question the pandemic in the beginning.
Jimmy Dore, I think, is actually just being suckered by these people, just like it's possible that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is.
I think it's less likely that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is being suckered in.
But Jimmy Dore could very well be fooled by these people, and that's why I chose his...
his interview with Brett Weinstein about this weekend to feature in this study hall because I still have the hope that Jimmy Dore is somebody that they are having need of playing.
They need to control him because if he figures it out, he will gladly turn on them.
And so they needed to go on his show, and they needed to tell him how funny he was, and they needed to control the narrative in his head on his show.
That's why they've all been there.
And that's why he's here now, I think.
And so this is a message for Jimmy Dore.
I really want Jimmy to see this.
This is potentially the end of the West.
Oh, wait.
Sorry, I didn't play the rest of that, which is unfortunate, because it's actually really good.
Now is the time for the American people to wake up and rise up.
A rebel alliance is forming in the name of liberty and life.
People of every color, culture, creed, and ideology are putting politics aside to secure the eight pillars of peace and freedom.
End the weaponization of science and medicine.
If there is risk, there must be choice.
Cease the expansion of surveillance and propaganda.
They are killing us with censorship and propaganda.
Stop central bank digital currencies.
That will allow them to punish us from a distance and cut off our food supply.
Prevent political abuse of our judicial system.
What we are demanding is in fact the restoration of the rule of law.
Secure our national borders.
I'm tired of the United States doing nothing to protect the American people.
Protect our children.
To defend our children and to save an entire generation.
Restore critical thinking in education.
I think that the time for change is now and enough is enough.
And above all, break our addiction to war.
The nuclear threat is an emergency of the highest order, and we are all in the crosshairs of this emergency.
We must set aside our differences, work together to fire those warmongering politicians from both political parties.
Everybody from the left, everybody from the right, everybody from the middle coming together to realize that we have more in common than divides us.
What unites us is so much stronger than anything that divides us.
We're a country of love.
We're a country that care about people.
The one thing that brings us together here today is that we value life.
Every single principle on which the West is based is under simultaneous threat.
We must defend the West.
So that's pretty extraordinary.
And now I'm just going to play an interview.
These are all from this week.
And I get goosebumps from this stuff because these people are creeping me out.
But this is all from this week.
Bret Weinstein was on the high wire about a week ago.
That's what this one is.
This is potentially the end of the West.
It's now or never.
This is, in my opinion, absolutely urgent.
People's fancy rationales for staying on the couch and not voting because they don't think their vote counts.
This is no time for that.
This is no time for what I have done in past elections, which is, you know, to vote my conscience and vote for people that I knew would not be elected.
There is a time and a place for that.
I do not believe this is the time and the place.
This is the moment at which we have to defeat whatever that force is that has taken over our system and targeted all of our rights.
We are in a better position than Europeans are because our constitution is
better thought out.
We are kind of last on the list from the point of view of degradation of our rights.
This is the moment to realize that whatever our ideological differences may be, are completely unimportant if we lose the republic, right?
If we are to fight about the differences between what conservatives and liberals see, it has to be after the republic has been put back on a course with a future to it.
It's really important to understand that there is no explanation for Brett Weinstein's rise to prominence except fake.
It is a planned social media based elevation of someone to be a thought leader because of his connections and his family connections and whoever he knows because it is not for his
Insight or for his heart or for his generosity for his humility It is because some weaponized pile of money or piles would like him to be Or think that he might be a decent shepherd of of sheep and They don't need a lot of these people
Robert Malone doesn't need to be known to everyone.
Robert Malone isn't known to most of the people on my street.
Neither is Brett Weinstein.
These people are who social media gives to anybody who the algorithm detects needs answers.
The algorithm can see if you care.
The algorithm can see what you care about.
And if you care about getting answers to real questions, then you will find Brett Weinstein, Robert Malone, Jordan Peterson, any number of these people, Tim Truth, whoever happens to catch you when the algorithm starts serving you those things that will put you over there in that limited spectrum of debate curated by those people.
But if you don't tell the programmers of social media that you're interested in those questions, then social media will never serve those things to you because that's not how the programming works.
Most people don't know who Dell BigTree is, again, for the same reason.
You must go looking for it in order for the social media programming to give it to you.
And that is not censorship.
That is fifth generation warfare.
And so we can't let them get away with this.
We must force them to talk about 2020 and we gotta force them actually to talk about things before 2020.
That's what I think.
If we don't get them to talk about what happened during 2020, you won't be able to see after five years how ridiculous it is that all of these people
and their associates that are called the rescue to the republic join the resistance.
clown show, are responsible for the narratives about repurposed drugs, about the spike protein, about the fear and cleavage site, about HIV inserts, about gain of function, about lab virus leaks, about databases deleted, about amyloid and prion, about neurological effects like going up the olfactory nerve and mitochondrial damage.
All of these stories
were seeded early in the pandemic, not by biologists with special insight because they've been reading, but by meddlers that were previously put in place before the pandemic and then given these nuggets of the narrative and told to run with it, told to write a sub stack, told to write a book, told to focus on this and you will rise in social media and then they did.
And if you look back at these people's track record, you will see that there is no explanation that involves censorship or, you know, the spontaneous rising of good information.
This is what they planned to do.
This is what Mark Van Ranst lamented that he couldn't have done in 2009 because he didn't have the social media reach that's available in 2019.
What you should see here, if you're thinking carefully and deeply about a national security state operation that has always known that the vaccine schedule was a criminal enterprise, what you should see is a narrative that was seeded with the expected outcomes for transfections to new proteins.
Because that's what this list is.
It is a list of expected outcomes if they started to transfect people to novel proteins.
And of course, they planned to do this all along.
Joshua Lederberg, Kevin McKernan, and his dad, you know, all of these people at the Human Genome Project have always known that without
human genetic information in mass and the ability to collect it, monitor it, sample it, over and over and over again, they had no hope of cracking anything.
And more importantly, in order to understand how to manipulate our physiology, the most basic thing they could imagine doing is transfecting anyone, expressing a protein somewhere.
They've been trying it for decades.
And so if they were going to roll that out as a methodology and pretend that it was rushed so that they could fix it and get everybody to accept the methodology, I'm telling you that they planned already a long time ago to tell you that the old vaccine schedule was bad.
And that's why they put these people in place, so that they could titrate the speed and the calendar and the time frame in which they told you these things, so that they could use it to control, demolish America.
And maybe the West.
And so this narrative was told because they knew that they were planning to say, well,
the adenovirus sucked.
So we pulled that off.
So we were, we pulled that off the market.
So we were definitely being honest with you.
And now years later, we're finding out that, you know, we rushed it.
And so there's DNA in there.
And we got these people that tell you that there's DNA in there.
And then if we just get the DNA out and we test the untested vaccine schedule in five years, we could have really good vaccines.
Now you might think that's a little bit weird prediction, but I made that prediction in 2021 when they started rolling out nature papers about how the investigation of genetics and mRNA were actually in parallel with the development of lipid nanoparticles to make a vaccine all along or something like this.
And it suddenly dawned on me that what they're planning on doing is replacing the vaccine schedule and eventually admitting that the old vaccine schedule wasn't tested.
and that this new vaccine schedule based on mRNA would be tested.
And so that's why somebody with such familiarity with the technology that you're trying to fool people about would need to be involved from the very beginning.
In fact, involved for many decades before and leading up to the start of the pandemic.
And quite frankly, they never expected to get so far off script.
Otherwise he would have never opened in 2021 with Ditra and Domain.
He never would have opened with I'm an outbreak specialist, a private consultant, a vaccine tech broker and an inventor of genetic vaccines and been so cocky had he not already known that he was on a script and that everyone was on a script.
And therefore there was nothing to worry about.
They were risking nothing.
That's why when they went on the Brett Weinstein podcast, they were so, it was in retrospect is so silly that they were still arguing in 2021 about zero COVID being a realistic goal.
And that they all agreed that endemic was the worst case scenario.
Interestingly,
Even before the pandemic, everybody agreed that if there was a lab leak, if there was a bat cave virus, the worst case scenario would be endemicity.
They even said it in a documentary on CNN in 2019 that we watched together.
And it was that journalist Garrett who said it.
That endemicity in one of these outbreaks is what you really want to avoid.
And that's a real inconvenient word because it's very, very difficult to differentiate endemicity from a background if you have no data from before 2020.
It's almost impossible.
to differentiate a virus that came out of a bat cave or was spilled in a mud puddle and then went around the world for five years to become endemic, it's almost impossible to differentiate between this signal and a previously existing background signal that you just weren't testing for before 2020.
And all of these people know that.
Kevin McKernan knows it.
The no virus people know it.
Tony Fauci knows it.
David Baltimore knows it.
Joshua Lederberg would have known it.
Hilary Koprowski would have known it.
I bet you Margaret Hamburg knows it.
And so I am going to take off this for a second so you can see this a little better.
Why oh why won't anyone?
Somebody's been asking me for a summary here.
So I thought I'd give you a summary.
You can see the pink line is in 2024, we're in our fifth year of this show.
Why oh why won't anyone tell you or discuss how a background signal could be misconstrued as spread?
That would be the endemic versus background idea, because we weren't testing before 2020.
But also the actuarial part, you know, the part about the fact that they knew there was gonna be a decades long increase in all cause mortality.
So if they had a background signal,
and they had a background expected signal.
It's very strange that none of the people that are coming to our rescue on white horses have ever been able to articulate any of these ideas and that the only people who are articulating these ideas are people who watch this show or Mark's show.
Strange, right?
Because it's a pretty easy thing to discuss.
Even Denny Rancor, when I was on the Levine show with him and asked him about this actuarial
underlying cause where, you know, they expected more people to die.
So they could have just swept a few together with a military operation and called it a pandemic.
Since there's no epidemiological evidence of spread, according to Dennis, that would make sense.
And he said, nah, they couldn't do that.
Later on in that same interview, he said that this was all part of a dominance hierarchy and that the CIA bossed all of these people around.
These people will also not list and define the many ways the methodologies of PCR can be applied to assure highly accurate results that were not used for SARS-CoV-2.
And the list is really very long that Kevin McKernan or Jessica Rose or Kevin McCairn or any of these people with some biological background before the pandemic could have easily explained to you multiple amplicons, nested primers,
None of these things were used in the context of COVID diagnostics.
And then nevermind what they focused on or what part of the genes they focused on, any of these things, nothing is discussed except for false positives, you know, and cycling too far.
These are all just lies.
And it's very easy to explain from an academic biologist perspective.
There are ways to make PCR almost ridiculously accurate.
It also makes it so accurate that the only signal you get is a true one.
And every lower signal, you might miss a lot of things the way you use PCR correctly on an academic bench.
and any of these people could explain it.
So we'll not list and define the ways that even in its purest form possible the mRNA products would have never been appropriate for use in healthy humans.
None of these people are going there.
They're all going now to the double-stranded DNA contamination.
None of them
We'll talk about the RNA smear.
None of them will talk about the fragments.
None of them will talk about even if it was pure, it would still result in expression across and throughout the body in random places, which is not good because the immune system can't possibly solve all those puzzles without making an error.
None of those things are discussed anymore by any of these people.
It's sad, it's the COVID shots are terrible.
Turbo cancer.
They will not define the countermeasures as transformations, that's the adenovirus, and transfections, that's lipid nanoparticle plus the mRNA, but they still won't do it after five years.
They still won't say that we just, we had names for these.
Because if they said that, then you would realize that all of them engaged in this
in this malevolent narrative curation that effectively removed your ability to engage informed consent.
And that's why it's so lame that Brett Weinstein says things like, I think it's really important for informed consent.
You, he, they were part of the confusion, the fear and the uncertainty and doubt and the bad information
that led to no one being able to exercise informed consent.
And this, number four, would have been enough for anybody to exercise informed consent.
Hey, by the way, these are already things that we've used in mice and in monkeys for a long time.
Transformations using adenovirus, transfections using lipid, like lipid, like lipofectamine.
We've done this already.
But nobody could say it but me.
And they will not define the term infectious clone as transformation and transfection in cell culture and animals being misconstrued as virology.
Do you see?
the no virus people could steal number five and they could run with it and say, you know, the only virology that these people do is just transfection and transformation and cell culture and animals.
And Jonathan Cooey has been right about that.
But that was, that was the letter that I wrote on behalf of CHD to the no virus people, trying to get everybody to come together under one banner, understanding
that the National Security State and the Human Genome Project people and all these molecular biologists are essentially lying to us about RNA fidelity.
And they're doing it in the literature using the term infectious clones and synthetic DNA and RNA and they won't say it.
None of them will say it.
And they also won't say that RNA can't pandemic because it's too clever.
It's too acidic.
It dissolves all the other bad ideas around it.
This list right here is the proof that you need to see that these people are not saving our grandkids.
They are part of a limited spectrum of debate that has been titrating this narrative for five years, and that's why they are all part of this Republic thing.
These people are responsible for it and many many more That's what this is social media and these acolytes are
have prevented these fundamental ideas about the irreducible complexity of our biology from making it to general knowledge, common knowledge.
They have prevented it on purpose because they aren't trying to score this touchdown.
Mary Holland has had this language in her hands since they hired me for the book, since they hired me after the book at CHD.
Brian Hooker has had these words in his hand and in his mind and available to him.
If he ever wanted to say them, credit to me or not, he could have said them, but he hasn't.
They're being very careful not to say them because these phrases absolutely dismantle the narrative that they have been curating.
The narrative of a novel virus that killed millions of people that millions more were saved from that could come again because gain of function is real.
And so yes, I have seen that Mike Yeadon has kind of already joined the no virus team, or at least endorses their book.
And I have seen that he's given a hat tip to Jonathan Engler, who, if you will recall, wrote the worst virology review in 2024 ever, and that Jessica Hockett tried to get me to write that with him.
They pretended that they understood or wanted to understand what I was trying to say with infectious clones being a semantic game that they play in the virology literature, but they wouldn't.
Panda members wouldn't.
Jessica Hockett's not smart enough.
I guess she's not a biologist.
And Jonathan Engler and Martin Neal wrote a multi-page substack about virology, basically saying that
Virology is kind of real, but not really, whatever.
Jonathan Couey's got this one silly idea.
It was not characterized well and was not cited well and not explained well at all as the acidic parsimonious explanation for most of what we have experienced.
We can hit it all.
And so I don't know what to say about Mr. Sparkle.
I'm worried about him.
This is another guy that I'd like this message to get out to because he doesn't have any reason to ignore that the virology in the literature is almost exclusively the application of synthetic DNA and RNA to cell culture in animals, which is transformation and transfection.
He has no reason to ignore that.
He also has no reason to ignore that the same pharmaceutical manufacturing techniques that would be used to make that DNA and used to make that RNA could be used to make the DNA and RNA sequences that we are told represent the ongoing circulation of a novel pathogen that is going endemic as we speak.
He has no reason to ignore that we can't decide between an endemic background that just appeared and an endemic background that was always there if we have no data from before 2020.
But somehow it does feel like he's ignoring it and going out of his way to promote somebody that I know to be a liar.
He also defends Claire Craig, of course, the cancer biologist, the 100,000 Genomes Project person from the UK and co-chair of HEART, who told us that PCR testing during the pandemic was something like food, you know.
You can get fast food or you can get good food, but you can't get fast good food or something.
So that was, of course, we're in 2024 right now, but if we go back 10 years and we go back to 2015, of course, Mary Holland and Paul Offit were already established as anti-Vaxxer and Vaxxer, bad guy, good guy.
And Paul Offit already held Mary Holland's name in his mouth several times on a Democracy Now!
broadcast in 2015.
where this limited spectrum of debate was already being defined by these people, where it might be a specific component of the MMR vaccine.
Not all vaccines are dangerous, just the MMR, because that's the one that hurt Mary's kid.
Imagine a day, perhaps, when my grandchildren had children of their own, when the threat of cancer is a distant memory, when their children can be vaccinated for cancers as routinely as we vaccinate for measles and mumps.
and other cancers can be treated and cured, made into chronic conditions.
So that was 2016, just one year later after Mary Holland made her public debut as a anti-vaxxer and Paul Offit officially acknowledged her as an anti-vaxxer voice on a podcast that everybody sees.
And so then a year later, of course, you know, this guy's been working for a decade already.
He's knee deep in it, doing interviews in front of big backdrops like Contagious Infectious Disease Today, working for DITRA and NIH, private broker of vaccine technology for years as an outbreak specialist for Zika, Ebola, SARS, MERS.
That's 2017.
Interestingly, a year later,
The real Event 201 takes place, which was a meeting in Hong Kong featuring all these people who would be involved in the mRNA product in 2019.
All of them presenting about a pandemic with coronaviruses.
You can find the real Event 201 linked on on Hucytonic's website.
They're not going to talk about that because they want you to think about the Event 201 that happened in 2019.
Of course we can go back to 2016 and we can see that this guy got a book, this James Lyons Wyler dude, The Environmental and Genetic Causes of Autism.
An interesting thing about this book that I have is that it has a Stephanie Seneff recommendation.
on the top of it, which I'm very curious about because I think Stephanie Seneff is another one of these people who's not playing a good game.
I don't think she's a good guy.
Otherwise, she would never be on a program with Kevin McCarron.
Otherwise, she would not have served in Steve Kirsch's steering committee.
Otherwise, she would not be on this book and having made no progress for 10 years.
likely she is curating the Monsanto and glyphosate space, making sure that no useful progress is made there.
She also curates part of the prion debate because she was the prion expert that John Bodwin chose to have with me and Kevin McKernan and Jessica Rose.
on March 17th, 2023 for a St.
Patrick's Day stream where Kevin McCairn dropped his pants, fell to the ground, and cried in his underwear because he tried to bring up a few papers about XON1 and about how there's proofreading in coronaviruses.
And I dunked on him.
I dunked on him by reading the paper before
the meeting and knowing that Mark Dennison already said that, yeah, they have proofreading, but when they have this protein, they have a lot more recombination.
And if you know anything about viral genetics, then all the models that they use predict that recombination is very seldom useful.
I think you can kind of imagine that if you stopped in the middle of one book and started in the middle of another book, the chances of you making a coherent book with that jump, aren't very good.
And so the guy who got the book deal for the genetic causes of autism, of course, in 2019, there was a video of him on YouTube talking about how vaccines are actually hurting a genetically vulnerable subset of kids.
and that certain communities around the United States are enriched for these genetically vulnerable signals.
And if we could just, you know, catalog these little populations and mine them for biomarkers, we would be able to make the vaccine schedule safe by identifying people who might be hurt by it.
And then the rest of the people will just have to take it.
He also is emphasizing in 2019 in April that asymptomatic spread of all vaccinated diseases occurs.
Asymptomatic spread.
Something that not very many of us were talking about in 2019, right?
conflicts of interest over the past.
Remember in that same month we also know that at the Chatham House there was this presentation by this guy who talked about controlling the narrative from day one about one message only and lamenting that he didn't have the social media that we have now back 10 years ago in 2009.
This is from 2019.
We watched it the other day.
He jokes constantly about lying to people and trying to exaggerate the danger to get more compliance.
And of course, Juve Alschner in Germany points out that the Chatham House is really the Royal Institute of International Affairs, which is the CFR equivalent of the UK.
So just before the pandemic, a guy that CHD parades around as an authority on the biology of vaccination,
was given a book deal by Skyhorse Publishing in 2015 that published in 2016 about the environmental and genetic causes of autism in 2019 is still advocating for this idea that vaccine injury is because of genetic predisposition, not because intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb, but because some kids are genetically vulnerable.
And that same year is a year after the real event 201 in 2018, the year of the event 201 in October of 2019.
And in the beginning of this year, there was a Chatham House presentation.
Detailing how to do it right this time.
And curiously in 2019 is also when Peter Thiel and Joe Rogan and all these people decided that being a podcaster and having the Intellectual Dark Web was a great idea.
And he decided to do it with two brothers whose dad, whose father was in the Department of Justice of John F. Kennedy and Robert F. Kennedy and was part of the formation of the FDA.
The brother, Eric, advises Thiel Capital
Brett got $500,000 from a university settlement about something woke that was filmed with way too many cameras and produced into way too many nice movies and got to complain about it in front of the Senate, which is, again, interesting.
Brett also discovered something about inbred mice.
Apparently, inbred mice aren't a very good model for human biology.
No kidding, Brett.
And so then they said, hey, bro, why don't we start podcasting?
And then on the eighth Dark Horse podcast, of course, we have Sam Harris show up.
And what does Sam Harris say?
He says that when the next pandemic comes and it's killing 70% of those infected, we won't be able to tolerate anti-vaxxer nonsense anymore.
This is all in the same 2019.
It's like we should have seen it coming, but we weren't paying attention.
We were too busy.
And so James Lyons Wyler and Robert Malone actually are the two people that I know pronounced it COVID for the first year or so.
That's kind of extraordinary.
The other one who did was Paul Cottrell.
Everybody else called it COVID.
But COVID is easy to hear.
And the people who said it are probably all on the same team.
And they told all the same stories.
In 2020,
that they don't want to talk about anymore.
We had a human genome project, person enthusiastically sequencing the genome of cannabis now.
One of the candidates for personalized medicine would be plants that were genetically modified or plant compounds that were genetically modified, personalized for you.
that guy whose father was into microarray technology, who he dropped out of college to join the Human Genome Project, which at the time was at the Department of Energy, which is also where Nukes are, which is also where DITRA is, which is also where Margaret Hamburg was, and her father, and that's really interesting because her father was best friends with Joshua Lederberg, who's actually one of the authors in these books.
And one of the real godfathers of this kind of thinking that the human race needs to rise above nationalism and national borders to take control of our evolution as a species.
And that includes taking control of our collective consciousness.
And so he partnered with all kinds of these people early on in the end of 2020 to write an objection to the WHO test.
One of those people he partnered with was Claire Craig, but Thomas Binder was on that paper.
Mike Yeadon was on that paper.
And so there's no useful resistance here.
This is a guy with very high credentials coming out very early and often to make sure that nobody doubted the existence of the novel virus.
Nobody doubted the existence of RNA viruses or their ability to pandemic and nobody doubted the usefulness of PCR in diagnosing their presence.
And she, Claire Craig, did the same thing in the UK by talking about PCR testing like food in a restaurant.
You can have fast food, and if it's good, it's gonna be expensive.
Otherwise, if it's cheap and it's fast, then it's not gonna be very good.
And if you want fast and good, then it's really expensive.
And so usually there's a trade-off in testing and something, something, I don't know, SARS-CoV-2 can be detected with PCR was the conclusion.
So again, I can't stress enough how terrifying it is that weaponized piles of money have convinced us about what to argue and with whom to argue about it.
And that's what we have been doing on Twitter and on social media.
We have not been promoting people that are now coming to our rescue as a unified unity party.
This is the hog trap.
We have rushed into the hog trap and ran face first into the back fence.
And when we turned around, all these people were standing in front of us, blocking our view of our escape.
And we've been arguing with them ever since.
Grab the joystick, put on the goggles, sit in the chair, and we're not going to escape.
And so they will admit that the food, processed food is bad.
They will, whoops, I'll fix that.
So by the way, I'm going to be speaking to the doctors for COVID ethics in the UK, Stephen Frost's group again on Tuesday afternoon.
If you want to catch that, it's going to be baller.
They will admit that the processed food is bad.
They will admit that the environment is polluted.
They will admit that the cosmetics are toxic.
They will admit that the old vaccine schedule wasn't tested.
They will admit that the COVID shots were bad, but they will promise to fix all of these with science.
They will promise to fix all of these with science.
And now you're going to say, well, come on, you don't have any proof of that.
You don't know what these people are up to.
I know that they haven't risked anything and they're not risking anything now.
And I know that they won't candidly speak about what they were doing in 2020 and the ideas that I was talking about in 2020 and 21 to them.
They won't.
They will promise to fix all of these.
How do I know?
Because Steve Kirsch slipped up on the Steve, on the Stu Peters podcast a couple days ago and revealed the plan.
Are you ready?
Because this is the biggest own goal that this Team Robert Malone clown show has ever made.
It's bigger own goal than Jessica Hockett
messaging Mark and threatening to call the cops and telling me that if I wanted to work it out with Jonathan Engler, she'd be willing to have a phone call, but she's not going to talk to Mark anymore.
That was an own goal for sure.
But this one, this is extraordinary.
are safe and effective, you should go get yours, because that's not what the news media should be doing.
They should be reporting on what's actually happening and pointing out to people that side effects do occur, and that they should always, before getting any medical intervention, understand the risks and the benefits.
Now, for all vaccines, it turns out that the accepting extremely rare cases like, you know, maybe this one might have might have been a case, but but I really don't think so.
And in pretty much every case I know about, the benefits of vaccination never outweigh the risk.
And people should always be refusing vaccination.
We've been telling people that for a long time.
OK, so you do agree that nobody should ever take another vaccine.
No, people should not take any of the vaccines that are currently approved.
There may be a time, Stu, in five years from now, that they actually have a safe vaccine.
No, there won't.
We can't rule that out.
What that means is they make billions and billions of dollars off of every one of these shots that they roll out.
Then, you know, several thousand or a hundred thousand or tens of thousands of people die.
What did he say?
They're safe and effective.
You should go get yours because that's what the not that's not what the news media should be doing.
They should be reporting on what's actually happening and pointing out to people that side effects do occur and that they should always before getting any medical intervention understand the risks and the benefits.
Now, for all vaccines, it turns out that the except in extremely rare cases like, you know, maybe this one might have might have been a case, but but I really don't think so.
And in pretty much every case I know about the the benefits of vaccination never outweigh the risk.
And people should always be refusing vaccination.
We've been telling people that for a long time.
OK, so you do agree that nobody should ever take another vaccine.
No, people should not take any of the vaccines that are currently approved.
There may be a time, Stu, in five years from now, that they actually have a safe vaccine.
No, there won't.
We can't rule that out.
And that's why Bobby Kennedy says he's not gonna take that.
They make billions and billions of dollars off of every one of these shots that they roll.
He just said that Bobby Kennedy, in five years, he said exactly what I've been predicting
that they were gonna tell you that the old vaccine schedule was bad, they were gonna admit it eventually, and that the new vaccine schedule would be good, but we gotta test them, that's all.
We gotta test all of these things, which is what Bobby has been advocating for for a very long time.
So if Donald Trump gets elected and Bobby gets appointed somewhere and says, all right, we're gonna test these vaccines, will he also pause the schedule?
Is he gonna put a moratorium on vaccination for five years until we test all of these things and we figure out which transfections work?
Or which of the old ones work?
Or are we just gonna go on with the schedule and we're gonna test some?
We'll decide which ones need testing first.
Maybe we'll have to appoint a whole group of people to decide which ones have been tested and which ones actually haven't.
We'll need millions, if not billions of dollars in funding.
We'll need a lot of volunteers.
They'll have to all be human.
That is an own goal, ladies and gentlemen.
What he just said there, evoking Robert F. Kennedy's name, and that not all vaccines, because in five years we might have a safe one, is what he said.
And he's on this team, he's in this boat.
And so that's what makes it very scary that maybe Jimmy Dore has been titrated to the truth just like we have, but in a very different way because these people needed to visit him just like they visited me.
Jimmy Dore is not a biologist.
Jimmy Dore is a vaccine injured guy.
So he's a little easier guy to control because he's primarily focused on the censorship that occurred with regard to the transfections.
But he's not calling them transfections because none of these people have taught him that.
He's had all of these people on his show, but none of these people have told him about me.
Dan Cohen told him about me.
We'll see if Jimmy Dore will give me a call after this weekend.
Who knows?
Maybe we'll get lucky.
Maybe we'll get a shot at explaining this to Jimmy.
So let's watch a video with Bret Weinstein bamboozling Jimmy Dore and see if I can throw a lifeline to Jimmy here.
All right, yes, Jimmy Dore and Weinstock, 2024.
Trying to understand the trap we are in.
I'll just hit escape here and get this video out for you.
What video am I doing again?
I was doing the... Oh, I wanted to show you this one.
Just as a warning, they are gonna go for digital ID, but they're gonna invert the digital ID thing, right?
First of all, they have this thing in Idaho, where apparently Idaho has banned Pornhub.
And so Pornhub has decided not to send their data to Idaho anymore, instead of, you know, some kind of age control, because if they had an age control on their website, then Idaho would allow them to bring porn to Idaho.
Very similar to that, you're going to hear a recent Bill Maher interview with that bald guy from Israel who says that we're all useless eaters and he's going to tell you that bots actually shouldn't have free speech on the internet and that
algorithmic bots should not be able to control the discourse on the internet with with as much free speech as they want and what that is is the opposite side of the coin that we need to discern between bots and humans on the internet so that only humans have free speech and not bots but that's the same digital id trap just a different side of that trap right it's it's a hog trap it's all the way around you so if you run in one direction and hit a fence
and then turn around and run the opposite way, you're going to hit a fence again, because it's a hog trap.
There's only one way out.
And these people will not show it to you.
And so just listen to this, because it's really- Did you not say that you think that free speech should only extend to humans, not bots?
Yes, I did say that.
Oh, good.
I got one out of two.
Yes.
Meaning, if there are chatbots, there's no free speech for them, which is not something everybody agrees with at this point.
Yeah, and also, more importantly, no free speech or no free pass for the algorithms that are now managing the social media platforms, which are the most important media platforms in the world.
Basically, we now have the most sophisticated information technology in history, and people are losing the ability to hold the conversation, to talk with each other, to listen to each other.
This is not just a US problem, it is all over the world.
And this is largely because we gave one of the most important jobs, not just in the media industry, in the world, to algorithms which are not regulated and nobody is liable for what they are doing.
You know, the job of news editors was once one of the most important jobs a human can fulfill.
Lenin, before he was dictator of the Soviet Union, was editor of a newspaper.
Mussolini, before he was the dictator of Italy, he was editor of a newspaper.
Now the most important editors in the world are algorithms.
The algorithms that decide what you will see on the news feed, in Facebook.
So this is just nonsense, right?
This is just nonsense.
This is this guy trying to tell you that AI is scary.
that AI is a problem, that AI needs to be regulated.
And the flip side of his argument is that people need to be identified on the internet.
It's not any different of the trap.
It's the same part of the hog trap.
You've got to be very careful.
So I'm having trouble finding this video.
I thought I downloaded it.
So just hold on.
Give me a second here.
Where did I put it?
I might just have to quickly download it again.
Um, I thought I did, but maybe I just have to download it again.
Give me one second here.
I don't think it'll take very long.
It's in my history of my YouTube.
Um, let's see.
Oh, wow.
I've been watching a lot of garbage lately.
Um,
Where is it?
Door, door, door, door, door, door, door, sorry.
Oh my gosh, where are we?
Come on now.
Okay, I guess I have to look in the history.
Where is it?
Okay, I'm having trouble here so I'm gonna have to do another one like this.
Sorry about this guys.
I'm sure this will come up, won't it?
No?
Oh my gosh, really?
Okay, found it.
I'm going to download it for you because I don't want to have that bandwidth being used.
So let's see how quickly this can happen.
Sorry about that.
Let's see if I already had it.
I don't think I had it.
Oh, it does say one.
Shoot, I didn't have it.
Okay, I could stop this then.
It'll convert it in a second.
Here we go.
Okay, so I want to watch this one because again, this is Jimmy Dore and I have to admit that I like Jimmy.
I've seen him in person.
I gave him an annotated book of Bobby's with all my pages marked and a little letter in it and an explanation and my phone call, a phone number.
And so I kind of have hopes that he's a guy who
is skeptical enough of the whole system that can continue to sort of peel back the layers of truth until we get to the core of it.
And in that case, I think we could have something nice happen here.
Hey, come see us on tour.
We'll be in Duluth, Georgia, Jacksonville, Florida, Los Angeles, Tempe, Arizona, and Burbank, California.
Go to JimmyDore.com for a link for those tickets.
We have some guests right at the top of the show.
This is going to be exciting.
Our first guest is Angela McArdle.
She is a prominent figure in the Libertarian Party, serving as the chair of the Libertarian National Committee since 2022.
In 2018, she ran for the U.S.
House seat in California's 34th Congressional District, securing 8.4% of the vote in the primary.
She was a co-organizer of the Rage Against the War Machine rally in Washington, D.C., which I was a part of, which was a big success.
Please welcome to the show Angela Mercado.
Hey, Angela, how are you?
Hey, I'm doing great.
Thanks for having me.
Also you see next to her is Brett Weinstein.
He's a returning guest, friend of the show.
He's an American podcaster, author, former professor of evolutionary biology.
He served on the faculty of Evergreen State College from 2002 to 2017 when he resigned in the aftermath of a series of campus protests about racial equity at Evergreen, which brought him to national attention.
With his wife, Heather Hying, he co-wrote A Hunter's Gatherer's Guide to the 21st Century, and he is the host of the popular Dark Horse podcast, which I'm a big fan of and watch often.
Please welcome back to the show, Brett Weinstein.
Hey, how are you?
Doing well.
Glad to be here, Jimmy.
So the reason why I have both of you on is because, well, they've organized this this big to do on September 29th in Washington, D.C., the same place we were at doing the Rage Against the War Machine rally.
It's called Rescue the Republic.
And look at all the.
Look at all the cool people that are going to be there.
Brett's going to be there.
Look at that.
Russell Brand will be there, Tulsi Gabbard, Matt Taibbi, Colonel Douglas McGregor?
Deep State, Deep State, Deep State, Deep State, Deep State.
I hope he's not.
He's definitely Deep State because he was in one of those music videos.
She is intellectual dark web, but you know, whatever.
He was a witness for the George Floyd trial at the same time that he was speaking in front of the Senate and Ron Johnson about how bad it was in New York.
This guy is a fake Christian unity religion kind of dude.
He'll probably open with a prayer on Sunday.
Brett Weinstein is a guy who's recently declared that this is a spiritual war, even though he's a secular guy his whole life.
Robert Malone is a horse breeder and emu breeder who has decided to come out of retirement and save us.
Laura Logan, another person really connected to these people in a strange way and not sophisticated enough to understand
what the biosecurity state is lying about, and maybe neither is J.P.
Spears.
Maybe neither Pierre Kory just never bothered to ask.
Maybe none of these musicians can know.
Maybe Tulsi Gabbard is even not sophisticated enough to understand that transfection and transformation using synthetic DNA and RNA has been misconstrued as high-level virology for decades.
It's possible, but it's pretty easy to explain to them.
And so I hope we get an opportunity to do so sometime in the future.
Tennessee.
I don't know.
I'm out of it.
J.P.
Sears.
Hilarious.
We love J.P.
Darius.
There's your wife right there.
And then five times August is going to be there.
I'm familiar with them because of Twitter and that great song they did about COVID.
Let's see who else.
And then there's me.
Look, that's back when I had my dark hair.
It's nice.
I like that they picked a nice photo of you, Jimmy.
Yeah, it's a nice photo.
And Deepak, not Chopra, just a different Deepak.
And then Struggles Jennings and Zuby.
I know Zuby from Zuby.
So please tell me what this is about.
Zuby.
Don't forget that Zuby did like an hour and a half with none other than than Dan Wilson debunked the funk, which was and a hilarious display.
of this kind of limited spectrum of debate and the elevation of foreigners in America.
It's just gross.
And that's what makes it kind of sad, right?
Is that if we could sit down for an afternoon with Jimmy Dore, we could potentially blow his mind.
just by showing these people on other programs or earlier than when they talked to him, he would be shocked at how much information is still available and how much of it really edifies this idea that these people were put in place from the beginning and the real censorship we needed to be concerned about is how these people managed to become prominent.
And it was because it was by design and by programming.
Either one of you, take it where you will.
What is Rescue the Republic rally all about September 29th in Washington, D.C.?
Take it away, Brett.
Well, we are convinced that this is a pivotal moment in American history.
And in fact, that not only is the Republican great danger, but Western civilization is.
And this is the moment at which we have to recover control over our governmental structures and return them
to functioning in the way that the founders envisioned.
So at one level, this is obviously an event, you could call it a rally, but at another level, I'm hesitant about those terms because they don't really reflect the gravity of the situation.
It's a little like calling Woodstock a music festival, which it was, but it was also more than that.
It was a defining moment for a generation and we believe this is going to be a defining moment for ours.
So what is the threat to Western civilization and the Republic?
Well, the West is based on the idea that we are not allowed to rig the structures of the world in favor of our people, that we agree to a level playing field and the structures that protect it from people gaming.
So what has happened is our institutions have all been captured and the system now has many of the trappings of a democratic republic, but it doesn't function like one.
And that is resulting in a never ending.
Interestingly enough, the, the name underneath Brett Weinstein here in this video is not Brett Weinstein or Heather Haying or their son Zach's name, but it says Mickey Willis.
Does that mean he's at Mickey Willis' house?
Or just using Mickey Willis' laptop?
What does this mean?
Because Bret Weinstein is a professional podcaster with a studio in his house.
Presumably they have their own Zoom account.
I mean, can you see it yet?
Extreme of policies that do not serve the public interest and increasingly threats to the central values that we hold dear.
So what would be some of those central values?
Oh, good question.
Well, things like informed consent in a medical context, things like the consent of the governed being the sole basis for the legitimacy of governmental power, a commitment to truth seeking in which we do not tell ourselves stories that we want to hear, but in fact, we pursue the truth that we need to know.
We need equal protection under the law.
We've seen egregious overreach of lawfare being used against political rivals, being used against dissidents.
We need a rational border policy because although immigration can be good, it is not good inherently and having an open border in which we have no idea who's coming across and what they want and whether they even want to be
Americans is very important.
There are threats to the family.
There's an anti-natalism that has taken over our institutions.
There is an onerous belief that the state knows better how to raise children than parents do and that in fact the state has the right to take children from parents and inflict experimental medical treatments on them that have
Are you running that bias as what is possible or what they're already doing?
Are you just informing us here, Brett?
Because it doesn't sound really like opposition to it.
It's just the way things are.
And we'd like to resist it.
Implications across the child's entire life.
So that's the beginning of a list for you.
Great speech.
That's an important one too.
Yes.
Yeah, I wonder if Julian Assange figures into this at all in terms of lawfare.
You know, I don't know.
Well, it's just I guess I missed that freedom of speech.
Well, I guess I agree with you.
I think that would be the most important one, because without that, you can't get anything correct.
And there's been an assault without free speech.
I wouldn't be able to say that Brett Weinstein is a traitor.
And it's most likely because his loyalty is to his family and his friends that are connected all the way back to Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dad and uncle and the formation of the FDA.
Also, his brother's connection to Teal Capital probably plays a role in his prominence.
But he's a traitor and he's not fighting for my grandchildren or yours.
He is fighting for the controlled demolition of America and he is part of it.
He is part of the useful clown show that has titrated us over five years to the point where we are when we could have gotten here in a couple weeks in May of 2020.
We could have gotten here in a couple weeks in May of 2020 if it wasn't for people like Brett
If it wasn't for people like Brett and Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch and Meryl Nass, Jimmy Dore would have never transfected himself.
And if Jimmy Dore could realize that the fact that Brett Weinstein was wearing a bandana and goggles, and because Brett Weinstein was advocating for zero COVID has a biological possibility, he is part of the reason why he took the shot.
He's not a hero.
And in 2020, I wasn't being a hero either because I was fighting them, arguing with them, thinking that they were my path to greater
influence, that if I could convince them, then we would make progress.
So I had to argue with Brett in a signal chat.
I had to argue with Chris Martinson in a signal chat.
I had to argue with Alexandros Marinos in a signal chat while they went on Twitter to talk about ivermectin for two years and wouldn't call it transfection even now in 2024.
I am upset because I've met these people.
I've talked to them and they've lied to me about what they thought were good ideas and what they thought and what they were gonna do with them.
And they didn't do anything with them.
And we are here five years later and this guy and social media is putting this guy in front of us.
And he is part of a group of influencers that is around Bobby Kennedy, riding his coattails into the Trump administration.
Whether or not Trump is saving us or not, these people are not for sure.
And so depending on how pessimistic you are, you cannot dismiss that Brett Weinstein is a traitor.
And my free speech allows me to say it, and I will say it until I'm done.
socialist called the Uhuru movement and they're now being accused by the federal government and they're taking to court, they could do 10 years, for working for the Russian government and basically they're just using their freedom of speech and so they're trying to criminalize free speech.
Let's go through
Let's go through, you have on your website, on the website it says there are eight pillars and let's go through some of them.
It says banish state and media control, banish state media control, surveillance and propaganda versus the censorship industrial complex.
So that sounds to me like he's totally fine and they're totally fine with private corporations that control social media, controlling free speech.
He just doesn't want government messing around in it.
Stop lying!
Do you see?
Isn't Jimmy sophisticated enough to see that?
That that's not the solution?
The solution is open social media, federated social media, decentralized social media, not privatized corporate controlled social media and just the government keeping their hands off.
because then you'll just have people like Elon Musk controlling the debate and Peter Thiel controlling the debate, just like they did with their acolytes for five years already.
Wake up, Jimmy, I'm trying to help you.
So, Angela, you want to go ahead and tell me a little bit about that?
Absolutely.
I think that anybody who was paying attention over the last four years or so
understands that the federal government and its extrajudicial agencies, departments, run an aggressive propaganda campaign.
And they do it through social media.
You know, they co-opted Twitter.
We read all about that in the Twitter files.
Mark Zuckerberg actually just came out and apologized for what we all knew, but had told that, you know, had not happened, which is that he worked lockstep with the federal government to censor things.
like the Hunter Biden laptop story and certain things about COVID-19 shots during 2020 and 2021.
And we view that essentially as a censorship industrial complex.
And certainly we oppose it.
That's one of the things that we wanna use this event for is to speak out against it and identify it.
I think it's really critical to identify these things so that people understand what they are
What they are are coordinated liars across social media that agree to curate a limited spectrum of debate about a novel virus that killed millions and millions more were saved from that could come again because gain of function is real.
and they are going to slowly tell us that the vaccine schedule is bad, that we really do have bad food, that people are really sick because the FDA didn't protect them.
And so we need the government to protect us and we need vaccines, but we need them tested.
And we need to get rid of some of these guns because, you know, I was shot and his dad was shot and his uncle was shot.
And so, you know, we should really get rid of these guns too, right?
Can't you see it coming, ladies and gentlemen?
A landslide win for Donald Trump would not be that different from Chapter 13 and Don't Start the Revolution Without Me by Jesse Ventura.
where some demagogue gets elected president and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
serves in his administration and then that president gets killed and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
rises to prominence in that administration after the assassination.
That is chapter 13 in Don't Start the Revolution Without Me, written by Jesse Ventura in 2009.
That is chapter 13.
And so now we are talking about having Steve Kirsch say on the Stu Peters podcast that in five years we might have safe vaccines because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is going to get them tested once Trump is elected.
I have shown it to you all.
It's all from this week.
You can find all of these videos still freshly circulating on social media if you are a skilled user.
There is no doubt that this play is a play, that this theater is a big show, and that these people were put in place in order to enact it.
Fifth Generation Warfare is Team Robert Malone, Jessica Rose, Pierre Corey, the Weinstein Brothers, Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, and the fake free speech on social media.
It's all the same Fifth Generation Warfare.
That's how we are governed.
Coordinated lying on social media and on television and can start to turn away from them.
So there was just it was unfortunate, I think, the timing of Mark Zuckerberg.
Does the West need to be saved or does America need to be saved or does Pennsylvania need to be saved or does my community need to be saved?
I don't really know what the answer to that question is.
I really don't.
I don't know if America can be saved given what they are doing, given what they are letting happen, given how they are destroying our economy, destroying our treasury, destroying the dollar, and destroying small-town America.
I don't know really if it can be saved, but I do know that the unit worth saving is the American state.
And if 50 states of America are where we end up falling to,
That may be the default best case scenario for them at this point because they already know that's where they were going I don't know anymore ladies and gentlemen.
I don't have any good solutions other than knowing first the truth the truth of our irreducible complexity the sacredness of it the evidence that it provides for a creator and the the
requirement for humility in the face of this knowledge.
That's what we need to go mainstream because then, then the charlatanism of these people will be visible and exposed for what it is.
letter to the House committee.
If he would have done it maybe a couple of months earlier, maybe there would be a different outcome in the Missouri versus, was it the Biden administration, over censorship.
And did, correct me if I'm wrong, did the court rule that they didn't have standing?
Was that what it was?
They didn't actually address whether the Biden administration and the federal government was
and coercing people to censor, but did they say they didn't have standing to sue?
Yes, that is correct.
It was argued that because they could not prove that what the executive branch had attempted to do had actually changed the behavior of the platforms, that they did not have standing because they couldn't prove that they were harmed, which to many of us looks like an absurd rationale.
But nonetheless, that was what the court said.
Well, there definitely is a censorship industrial complex, and I've run into it several times.
And it's not just the FBI and the White House colluding with, you know, Stanford or and Twitter and Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg and TikTok.
It's also these fact check organizations.
Right.
So Facebook likes to say we have a third party fact checking organization.
in which they've labeled almost everything I've said about COVID on Facebook as disinformation, and they put a label on it.
So now all my friends in Hollywood think I'm some kind of a crazy.
But if you look into those fact-checking organizations, they're all funded by a billionaire, like Bill Gates, with a political agenda, or a big pharma company like the Johnson & Johnson Foundation.
These are not fact-checking organizations.
These are, again, these are organizations with a political agenda, and they've never found one fact I've ever gotten wrong, but they do write articles saying that I'm being misleading, even though my facts are 100% correct.
So that's a big part of the, is it okay if I call it a rally on September 29th?
Sure.
It's actually part of two of our pillars.
There's the censorship industrial complex, which contains not only the elimination of the right to speak of people, but also the control of information.
in which things are claimed to be factual or claimed to be false for no reason.
But this also is connected to the academic industrial complex in which institutions that were once dedicated to fearless truth-seeking have now been so politicized that they will actually make claims that experts in the field should full well know are false, for example, that men can simply become women.
And we need institutions that are capable of doing scientific work and establishing things to the best of their ability, irrespective of whether or not that favors the powerful.
And so he's not anywhere near explaining what I'm trying to explain with Biology 101 and Uncertainty 101, that knowledge can be falsely created using the scientific method that is employed in academic circles.
The testing of null hypotheses and the use of p-values in these logical constructs can create the illusion of knowledge upon which most of biomedical science is based.
And he's not capable of saying that.
He just says that, you know, some of these institutions are politicized.
It's amazing how many words he can use and say nothing.
Or it doesn't.
So anyway, this is core to our mission.
Well, not not.
I have to push back a little.
Not only can men become women, but they become much better women.
I don't know if you watch boxing in the Olympics, but they win awards that they and they're setting track records and swim record their fat.
They're much better women than than the women that I knew.
But anyway, so this freedom of speech.
Here's the thing.
People, many people, it's like we have to keep teaching people the same lesson.
Freedom of speech isn't there for speech we all like.
Freedom of speech is there for speech that may be abhorrent to us.
Maybe that's even me, like speech that I can't stand and hate.
When I grew up in Chicago,
The Nazis used to march through Skokie, which is a big Jewish neighborhood, and they were trying to provoke people.
And of course, the ACLU would go to court for their right to free speech, and they were allowed to march.
This was documented actually in the Blues Brothers, right?
They had the Nazis from Skokie in the Blues Brothers movie.
And we looked at that as a celebration of the United States' free speech and First Amendment rights, and we didn't see that as a negative.
We could go and counter-protest them.
So today we find a very similar thing, but the people
who you think would be for freedom of speech are now against.
So the Democrats, I was a Democrat my whole life up until 2016, and the Democrats, they're all for censorship.
They call it content moderation.
That's what Don Lemon said to Elon Musk, content moderation, which is just called censoring people.
And now you see on college campuses,
You see Democrats trying to suppress the pro- whether you agree with the people who are pro-Palestine, protesters or not, they should have a right to speak, correct?
I mean, that's a blanket thing.
Even if you are, you know, you think they're terrorists or you think they're... What do you say to that?
Well, I would argue... Everybody has a right to free speech.
Go ahead, Brett.
Yes, it's very simple and laid out eloquently in our founding documents.
And I would point out that one of the things that makes the Republic so special is that the founders... In our founding documents.
He's talking about his website, of course.
...are very careful to protect counterintuitive principles.
It's what makes the place run.
Why should people who say abhorrent things have the right to say them?
because there is no other way to protect things that are not yet commonplace and embraced that need to be said.
You have to protect speech that is abhorrent in order to protect the speech that you most need.
And this touches- In case you missed it, Mickey Willis is the screen name he's using here.
So I don't know if that means he's on his laptop or what, but I just find it extraordinary.
On another one of our pillars, a rejection of so-called lawfare.
The fact is the founders were understandably terrified of egregious government.
One of my viewers actually pointed out that Aaron Siri takes advantage of the CIP and the VICP.
It's a very nice place to work as a lawyer because that's one of the only legal spaces in which you are paid as you work, not whether you win the case or not.
And a nice viewer of Giggle and Biological pointed out that actually the only other lawyers that get paid like that are working for the Department of Justice.
overreach.
And so what they did is they actually hobbled the state in court.
Why should the state be hobbled?
When you're arrested, why should the state face such a tremendous burden in prosecuting you?
Because if they don't have that tremendous burden, the advantages that they have will be abused, which is exactly what we are seeing.
So just as you have seen the inversion of the Democratic Party to which you and I are and were both members,
This is the inversion of the values that our society is rightly based on.
Well, I, you know, I even say in my act that I've stayed the same.
It's the Democrat.
I didn't leave the Democratic Party.
They left me.
I've always been for bodily autonomy.
They're not anymore.
They're for mandating experimental medical treatments, which is the opposite of bodily autonomy.
Now, that's why they say they're not pro choice anymore.
Many of them say they're pro abortion.
Which, that's a shocking term to me.
I was always pro-choice.
The red pill, blue pill argument is so silly and so lame.
And I used to be a Democrat is what all these clowns are saying.
And it just doesn't make any sense.
If you used to be a Democrat, then you used to be an idiot.
And if you think that talking about becoming a Republican now or a unity party is, I mean, then you're, only a fool would say that.
It's always for keeping the government out from in between a doctor and a patient.
But to be pro abortion to me, it sounds like, you know, I'm pro amputation.
You know, it's like, oh, let's all celebrate that somebody gets.
No, it's like it's anyway.
They talk about abortion like it's Christmas.
It's crazy.
But I've always been for bodily autonomy.
I've always been for anti-war peace.
I've always been for for free speech.
And now if you're for those things, they call you a right winger.
Like if I was against the Ukraine war and I called a right winger or a Putin puppet, I'm for bodily autonomy.
They call me a right winger and an anti-vaxxer.
And I'm for free speech.
I did the same thing.
They call me a right winger.
You're a free speech absolutist.
Yes, I've never heard that term before, but yes, I I certainly am.
So that's the that's the weird thing that the Democratic Party is now morphed into being the party of the George Bush, Dick Cheney Republicans.
And it's absolutely.
And and this is kind of a response to that, right, because there's nobody left to kind of fight for these things in government.
I think what we've seen is kind of like how you've described the Democrats left you.
And I think this also is a little bit related to the reactions and the language around the January 6th riots, that they have a very intense reverence for these institutions.
And it doesn't matter where the institutions take things, mandating medical treatments, criminalizing certain types of speech, weaponizing the judicial system, that's what the institution does and they worship at its altar.
And so we're trying to level set and say like these,
It's like an, it's a greater, it's an umbrella of industrial complexes, and it's taken over these institutions, and we cannot worship institution, we need to stand and recenter ourselves around the pillars of the things that make the broader Western civilization, the Republic, great.
So the broader Western civilization is the Republic or is America the Republic?
And then she's talking about the broader Western civilization as being a product of America's existence.
I'm not hearing very accurate language here that sounds like patriotism.
It sounds more like an enchantment from the globalists.
We love about the West, not the things that we hate.
So I find it shockingly bizarre.
You know, the West includes Spain and Spain takes siestas still, you know, like I don't I don't know.
I don't like this at all.
I don't like it at all.
I really hear traitors here are that the mainstream news media for four years while Trump was president and now they're saying it again is saying that he's going to prosecute his political opponents and he's going to use the justice system and weaponize it against his political opponents even though he didn't he was president for four years and he never locked up Hillary Clinton or did any of that stuff
and then as soon as he loses the election in 2020 they immediately start prosecuting him and they're doing it on the most and so I even I had Cornel West on my show and I tried to point out to him that they use the same Rico statue which is supposed to be for
the the mafia that's why everybody was okay with it it's supposed to just be used against the mafia they use the same rico statute and the same grand jury to prosecute donald trump as they did to prosecute stop cop city protesters which people protesting the expansion of so while we're talking about nonsense here i'll try to inject something a little more thoughtful
and conspicuously missing from their definition of the West that Daniel Hayes and other people, free mayonnaise, we all have an idea of what the West is.
One of my more recent meetings with somebody influential has been with G. Edward Griffin.
And in talking to him and listening to him at the Red Pill Conference,
I liked this explanation that it is mostly at the 30,000 foot level about collectivism versus individualism and individualism believes that the state
The role of the state is to make it possible for individuals to reach their full potential without interference and with all the resources and things that they need, and that that's how society will succeed, is by empowering the individual, cherishing the individual, and all that the individual can bring.
Now, that's independent of religion and whatever.
This is just the idea that an individual person, a sovereign person, is a divine, sacred, irreducible complexity, not a lab experiment, not an animal, not a sheep, not a useless eater.
And I think that Bret Weinstein is working for people who see us as useless eaters and see themselves as those who are destined to govern us.
Much in the same way that this language is used in these books.
The same exact language.
the police state.
And when I said that to Cornel West, he said, I look like I like Trump more than I'm letting on.
Like he pretended that he couldn't see the connection between what was happening.
And what's happening is that the establishment, not just in the United States, but the billionaire class that run the Western world, if you go against them, they will immediately throw you in prison now and use lawfare against you.
They did it to Imran Khan in Pakistan.
He came out and said, the people of Pakistan don't want to go along with NATO's wars.
We want peace.
He's in jail now.
OK, then they did it to Lulu in Brazil.
And so then they thought the center right guy, they put Lulu in prison.
Right.
He was running for president and they thought the center right guy was going to win.
But then the far right guy, Bolsonaro, won.
And they're like, oh, what do we do?
So the only way they could fix that was they had to let Lulu back out of prison because he's the old Lula.
Right.
Lula.
I say Lulu Lula.
Back out of prison because he's the only one who could beat Bolsonaro and then as soon as he beats him Bolsonaro they criminalize him and make him he can never be able to run again for president now They're doing the same thing to Donald Trump And I tried to make the case to corner West that if they can do this to a former president of the United States right out in the open they'll do it to anybody who that well I did it to Julian Assange and
Edward Snowden and they'll do it to Cornel West if he ever becomes a threat to the establishment or Bernie Sanders or anybody that does that and that's what is and they're doing it right out in the open and and everybody seems to pretend it's not happening they're still saying that Donald Trump is the one who's going to do it even is it that kind of mind-blowing?
Yes they're utterly shameless.
Sorry Angela.
Yeah you're you're correct I mean they're they're utterly shameless
It's like the, what is the 1984 quote?
The party told you.
To ignore the evidence of your eyes and ears, it was their final and most essential command.
There you go.
We're living it right now.
I mean, we're trying to not live it, but there are millions of people out there who are living it and we want to help them wake up and we want to give them a place to go to.
And, you know, values to reference that are outside of strictly party politics.
You know what we're pushing up.
I'd like to say is a real unity movement where dissident left, dissident right, libertarians, independents can all come together and say, you know, like, we love free speech.
We love these values.
We want to usher in a return to truth seeking and open dialogue.
We reject lawfare and weaponization of the judicial system.
You know what was- And I would add- Go ahead.
Oh, sorry.
No, go right ahead.
I would add that we are providing a venue where that
unity movement can come together, but we also need people to show up because, let's be frank, an entity as powerful as we are faced with, that is willing to cheat on every front that we can see, cannot be trusted to leave the election free and fair.
So if we are to retake and rescue the republic,
We need to win this election by a decisive enough margin to overcome the capacity to cheat.
It needs to become clear how many of us there are, how much we agree on, and that we understand the severity of the threat.
So the way to do that is to show up in Washington between the Washington Monument and the World War II Memorial on September 29th and lend us your voice.
So the thing that was most encouraging to me was when Bobby Kennedy dropped out of the race and he endorsed Donald Trump and he went to a rally, a Trump rally in Arizona and it was a stadium full of people and I had just come from a stadium full of people in Chicago who were cheering on corruption and more war.
And it made me, you know, depressed.
And so when I watched Bobby give that speech at Trump's rally, and he was talking about ending the war and investing that money back here, and people cheered.
And he was talking about environmentalism, and people cheered.
He was talking about getting the poison out of our food system, and people cheered.
He was talking about taking on Big Agra, and people cheered.
He was talking about getting the corruption out of the,
the corporate captured regulatory agencies, and people cheered.
I'm like, that's all stuff that I could cheer for, and that's happening.
So whether you believe that Donald Trump is sincere or not about those things, the thing that's encouraging was that there was a stadium full of Republican presidential voters who were cheering on the same things I would cheer on.
And that just goes to show you that the establishment wants us divided, right?
And that's why they want us to always be suspicious of our neighbor.
Our neighbor's a white supremacist or a Nazi or a communist.
And you got to be, they are fomenting the division in this country.
But it was something like that made me realize that we have way more in common that divides us.
We all agree on so many things and I'll join with anybody, as Frederick Douglass said, I'll join with anyone to do good and no one to do bad.
So if they are serious about doing those things, I'll join with them and I'll join with that stadium full of people to do those things.
Unfortunately, I never hear anything.
ever coming out of the Democratic Party.
When was the last time you heard a Democrat talk about the captured regulatory agencies?
When was the last time you heard a Democrat say we have to end the wars?
They talk about starting them and funding them and standing up and having the most lethal force.
It's the craziest thing.
So is that what, Brett, you as a former Democrat, was that encouraging to you to see?
Oh my goodness, it was beautiful.
The embrace of Kennedy by these people who you would not imagine were Kennedy Democrats, it really sent the message.
And I think for all of those of us who have ventured into this unity space, it's hard to convey how... It's hard to convey how
hypocritical it is that he says that he was so moved to see people from all sides of the aisle embrace Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
When Brett Weinstein interviewed Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in his home in November of 2021, and didn't have the principle, or the cojones, or the guts, or whatever you want to call it,
to release the video until the middle of 2023, almost 14 months later.
So he was really moved by the contents of that interview.
So moved by the three hours he spent intimately talking to a guy whose dad worked with his dad, maybe was even his dad's boss, never mentioned their dads and didn't release the video for 14 months.
But Bret Weinstein is a patriot just trying to get to the truth.
Fearless truth seeker.
Stop lying!
good it feels to be among people who are ready to partner for this most important mission.
It really feels good to not be petty about ideology and to recognize that we have a shared
purpose and it doesn't, you know, this really is the inclusive movement that the Democratic Party pretends to be.
The Democratic Party has actually now become the party of racism.
If you want to feel that inclusive thing, it's in this unity movement, which yes, contains MAGA, right?
It's not synonymous with MAGA, but MAGA is there.
And as you saw those people cheering on Bobby Kennedy, that's what it feels like to be amongst people with a shared purpose.
Absolutely.
I think, you know, Jimmy, you were present.
Really?
We used to have that happen all the time at bars where a good band played or at church.
Or, you know, when a when a basketball game is being played and your team wins or, you know.
Bret Weinstein is one of their charlatans, Bret Weinstein works for the slavers.
Like one of the origin stories of this broader
unity movement at the first Rage Against the War Machine rally, which was a coming together of the dissident left and libertarians and independents.
And, you know, I viewed my job as chair of the National Libertarian Party as to continue that and to grow it.
And so I want to see those relationships included in this movement and for us to continue to be sort of the guide rails on individual liberties and safeguarding of that.
We're having another Rage Against the War Machine rally, by the way, the day before Rescue the Republic in the same spot.
So we encourage everybody to just come on out for rally weekend.
It's gonna be an epic weekend of events in Washington, D.C.
So I remember Rage Against the War Machine.
It was a great time.
It was great to be around people who were united, even though we have political differences, against war, especially.
What was interesting to me is the people who are, whose whole life is about being anti-war, who didn't show up at that.
And I'm speaking about Code Pink.
And it was really interesting because they disagreed with some of the speakers on stage and some of their other political beliefs, whether it be about LGBTQ or something else.
They said, we can't participate because we don't agree with them.
And it's like, well, that's the whole point of that's what gives it power.
When you can unite with people you disagree with politically, you knuckleheads.
It's like, oh, I want to stop a nuclear war, but not with those people.
It's like it's the craziest.
I would say, I know that the People's Party and some of the people, the thought leaders on the dissident left took a lot of flack for organizing and working with me, the Libertarian Party, especially the Mises Caucus Libertarian Party.
I want to extend the invitation again.
I don't care what you think of me.
I don't care if you think I'm an evil whatever.
I genuinely, I believe in the anti-war effort and movement.
members of Code Pink, Medea, Benjamin, especially, who I think is a total doll and does an amazing job confronting some of these scumbag operatives in the deep state, come out.
Even if you don't wanna speak, if you don't wanna have an official presence, come out.
We want you there, and we love and value the work that you do, just like everybody else who's on the left pushing for the anti-war solution.
We want people who believe in peace at our events,
on Saturday and on Sunday.
If you think Sunday might sound a little too right wing, like we've got Russell Brand, we've got left wingers there because this is for everyone.
This is like, you belong.
Yeah, I consider myself on the left always.
Like I said, I haven't changed.
I've always been for Medicare for all.
I've been for freedom of speech, bodily autonomy, anti-racism.
I'm sure there's a couple of things I'm leaving out, but I've been consistent and I haven't changed.
Sounds very right wing.
And now I'm considered right wing.
It's funny.
Well, I really anything else you you'd like to add before I say goodbye?
Donate.
It's a ton of work.
It's a lot of work.
We're all really suffering a lot.
And we got canceled.
It's very rewarding.
And I'm really looking forward to seeing this large gathering of this most important movement.
And as Angela said,
Everybody is welcome.
If you look at our pillars and you resonate with them, which if you're a patriot, you almost certainly will.
There's nothing you will disagree with on that list.
If you look at that list, this is your gathering and you should come to it.
The only people who shouldn't come to it are people who are interested in rigging the system or people who are interested in breaking the law
violence, or bigotry.
Those people are not welcome.
Everybody else is, and I think they'll be very glad that they showed up.
I did a show in May in Los Angeles at the Zephyr Theater, and it was a live video show.
And anyway, I have a broad audience, and so I had some MAGA people sitting.
Hey, Jimmy, you did a show in Pennsylvania earlier this year where we met in person, and I took pictures with you, and I also gave you a book with a lot of this detailed in it.
You should give me a call because Dan Cohen also gave you my number and all my digits.
And so you guys really should give me a call and let me give you a little breakdown about what's really going on here.
That would be really smart for America.
In the front, and I had some socialists, well, Marxists, as they self-described.
And I know they were Marxists because the guy handed me two books on his way out.
They always travel with books.
And they were having kind of an argument because it's a raucous event at our shows.
And they were kind of yelling at each other and arguing.
And then the Marxists went and got into the MAGA guy's face and I was like, oh no, this is going to get violent.
And the next thing I know, they were hugging.
So I guess maybe they were talking about the Federal Reserve and they agreed.
And anyway, so.
That's kind of the message of my show, that we have a common enemy and that enemy is the oligarchy and it's not each other, but they want us to turn on each other.
I think we need more events like this to happen.
We need to take back our government and give it back to the people because it's in the hands of a handful of donors
I mean, right now the Democratic Party is running the most unpopular person ever to run for president and was the most unpopular vice president.
She couldn't get a vote when she ran in 2020, but she was the darling and the first choice of the donor class.
They'd anointed her on Martha's Vineyard.
And then she went to the primary and couldn't get a vote.
And then they forced her on Joe Biden, made her the vice president, most unpopular vice president in history.
Even Jimmy Kimmel said that.
And
and now we're supposed to believe she's the most popular candidate in the race.
I don't believe it.
And when I was at the Democratic convention, nobody seemed to mind that they threw out 14 million votes for Joe Biden and nobody voted for her.
And who chose her?
The donor class.
And who's that?
That's the military industrial complex in Wall Street.
Big oil.
I mean, it's the people we're supposed to be fighting against.
as Democrats, and they just installed her as a puppet, and I think the transformation of the Democratic Party into the party of George Bush Dick Cheney is complete, except they have a gay pride flag.
That's the only difference.
Why is that except Dick Cheney's daughter is a lesbian isn't she like she has no kids.
What are we talking about here?
Yes, what's all window dressing and you don't have to be a supporter of You know, I don't endorse Donald Trump for president But like I said when I saw that speech that Bobby gave at his rally, I I will help to work for all those things right so
And you don't have to be someone endorsing Donald Trump to endorse these things.
I think these are just common sense things that we all have to get behind.
War is always the last resort.
How about that?
End lawfare and abuse.
Sanctify, recodify, inform consent.
Secure the monetary freedom.
I'm a big crypto person.
I think that we got to watch out for digital IDs and the centralized digital currency is not a good idea.
So all those things I think are fantastic.
I think anybody who's, these are like common sense proposals.
I as a lefty can endorse all of them.
And so that's why I'm going to be part of this.
And I just want to say thanks for setting this up and thanks for inviting me.
And thanks for your leadership, both of you on this.
And I appreciate you coming on to tell us about it.
Thanks.
Let's begin rescuing the Republic on September 29th.
And what is the website people should go to?
It's jointheresistance.org.
Okay, jointheresistance.
I think it's actually, I think it's, okay, jointheresistance.org.
Okay, everybody check that out.
All right, Angela, Brett, I appreciate it.
We'll talk to you both.
It's really disappointing to see how far they haven't come in five years.
It's really disappointing to see that Jimmy can't seem to see through it.
We do need a new consensus about these things, ladies and gentlemen, we definitely do.
We need a new consensus about the fact that they expected the all cause mortality to go up and that they use murder and lies to use that expectation to create the mythology surrounding the pandemic.
If you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally, and these COVID vaccines are vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine, okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines.
And, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy, such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada's saying nine months, is as actually J.J.
Cooey's insistence, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines, right?
So if you look back in time, you can see that even when they mentioned by name about transfections, they didn't really define transfections correctly and actually said that the transfection has some efficacy, it's just fading.
And that was in 2022, almost a year and a half after I first told them to start calling it transfection and they didn't.
And most of these people I told too to call it transfection and they didn't.
I told them that infectious clones indeed were just transfection and transformation in cell culture and in animals.
They are all ignoring it because they are part of this operation to mislead the young.
That's why this list can be presented and it will not be discussed by any of these people.
They won't talk about the background signals, the actuarial one, or the genetic one.
They will not talk about the many ways that PCR on the academic bench is made to be highly accurate and how many of those methodologies
were conspicuously absent from any COVID diagnostics.
They will not talk about the many, many ways that even in the best case scenario, transfection was inappropriate.
They will not talk about how these things had names before the pandemic, transformation and transfection was on Robert Malone's resume.
And they could have called them that from the beginning and then this would have been informed consent and people would have known not to take it.
We, they still won't define the term infectious clone in the virology literature.
Even the no virus people won't point out that the infectious clone term in the virology literature simply means transfection and transformation in cell culture.
They won't say it.
Just like they won't say that RNA cannot pandemic because these people are part of a maneuver to titrate us to the truth, to eventually cop to the fact that the vaccine schedule was crap.
And the new one will be tested by Bobby Kennedy and his new department of public health or something like that.
And they won't talk about endemicity, even though it was the worst case scenario before the pandemic.
It was the worst case scenario on Brett Weinstein's podcast when Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone came out.
They won't talk about it because they have no data about this endemicity before 2020, which means you can't differentiate from endemicity in a background signal that was always there and they are confounding with spread.
And once you realize,
that they knew more people were going to die, and they knew the background signal was there, then you don't really need any explanations.
It's just a theater.
And that's why these people are so certain now, and were so certain in 2020.
Because they have always been part of the theater, reading a limited script, sticking to a limited script to sell their book,
And that's why the murder and lies will not be discussed.
That's why those words won't be used because they are part of a national security operation that's covering up these facts with murder and lies.
And if you liked what you saw, ladies and gentlemen, please go to gigaohmbiological.com and find a way to support the stream.
And if you're gonna share this after the work, please go to stream.gigaohm.bio slash home, where you can find all the links to all the things that we're doing and all the stuff that we're putting out.
including the reading for Biology 101, the new schedule that's actually live and we're going to keep to.
So if you see a stream and you see a time on the schedule, we're going to do it.
And otherwise, we're going to take it off the schedule.
We haven't been doing that lately, and we're doing that now for the first time.
So that's really exciting.
This was the first of many of such scheduled streams.
And starting on Monday, I'm going to try very hard to give you an email update at least every week, if not more often than that.
Thank you very much for joining me and I will enjoy myself at the gym with my boys and see you again tomorrow.
Mm.
Stop lying!
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.